Add CE message list & input docs (#331)
vaadin/docs: articles/ce/overview.asciidoc

End users see who else is looking at the same data as they are.
The avatars are automatically updated when users join or leave.

Real-time discussion::

> End users can submit comments and chat messages in real time.

Author: Good point!

I'd still like to mention "messages" or "comments". Otherwise it might not be obvious what "discussion" means (could be voice call).

Also, about "real-time". I've been following this convention:
- Use dash when it's a prefix for something, e.g. "real-time discussion"
- Use space otherwise, e.g. "...in real time."

I think this was recommended somewhere when I googled it.

So how about:
```suggestion
End users can send messages with each other within the application, either in real time or asynchronously.
```

> End users can submit comments and chat messages in real time.

Reviewer: My grammar fixer always want to have real-time and end-user (also in sentence) so I tend to put those, but your comment makes sense. Let's go with your suggestion.
